Update Pull Request template (#59062)
zed-industries/zed: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Objective

- Describe the objective or issue this PR addresses.

> - If you're fixing a specific issue, say "Fixes #X".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Iff you're fixing a specific issue, add a line here for each issue your PR fixes that says "Fixes #issue-number".
```

Or something amongst those lines I'd suggest, people get this wrong way too often and having this helps a lot with bookkeeping.

Author: I added a link to github's documentation for how this works instead of requesting separate lines here.

## Solution

> - Describe the solution used to achieve the objective above.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we could ask for bullet points here. That might prevent the "big block of confusing text" problem.

Reviewer 3: Yes, bullet points with smaller, more focused items can make it much easier to read and reason about than multiple paragraphs of continuous text.

Author: IMO the most common cause of "big block of confusing text" is generated output, which I'm not sure will be impacted by this. It is something we can always add later though if we want to.

- Did you test these changes? If so, how?
- Are there any parts that need more testing?
- How can other people (reviewers) test your changes? Is there anything specific they need to know?
- If relevant, what platforms did you test these changes on, and are there any important ones you can't test?

## Self-Review Checklist:

- [ ] I've reviewed my own diff for quality, security, and reliability
- [ ] Unsafe blocks (if any) have justifying comments
- [ ] The content adheres to Zed's UI standards ([UX/UI](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#uiux-checklist) and [icon](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed/blob/main/crates/icons/README.md) guidelines)
- [ ] Tests cover the new/changed behavior
- [ ] Performance impact has been considered and is acceptable

## Showcase

> This section is optional. If this PR does not include a visual change or does not add a new user-facing feature, you can delete this section.

- Help others understand the result of this PR by showcasing your awesome work!
- If this PR includes a visual change, consider adding a screenshot, GIF, or video
  - A before/after comparison is very useful for changes to existing features!

> While a showcase should aim to be brief and digestible, you can use a toggleable section to save space on longer showcases:

Reviewer: Not sure it's worth a mention here, but I sometimes like having a markdown table with a before/after for visual changes as it's easier to have them side by side to compare frequently
